Update project description, codeowner, and contribution policy (#54)
mdn/beginner-html-site: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contribution to this repository

Author: Good catch! Thanks

Thanks for your interest in contributing to MDN!

> This repository is part of MDN's learning tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is an example project to accompany MDN's HTML Basics tutorial.
```

Author: Thanks! I think "example project to accompany" might suggest that is an additional project. Since this is the same code used in the "Creating the content" part of the "Getting started" tutorial, perhaps we can clarify that:
```suggestion
This repository contains the code used in MDN's "[HTML: Creating the content](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Getting_started/Your_first_website/Creating_the_content)" tutorial.
```
